Update tfe upgrade instructions (#1639)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/admin/upgrades.html.md

This section explains how to upgrade Terraform Enterprise to a new
version. [Learn more about availability during upgrades here](../system-overview/reliability-availability.html#availability-during-upgrades).

> ## Before Upgrade

Author: @laurapacilio could you help to review this section?
I have just added it as a pre-caution that users should be aware of the responsibility for the backup task.
I wonder if it should be more explicit that we strongly recommend creating a backup copy of the storage prior to upgrade.

> 

Author: I think we should also have this.

```suggestion
## Before Upgrade

Depending on the operation mode of your Terraform Enterprise, the matrix in the [Operation Modes](../system-overview/reliability-availability.html#operation-modes) section describes the responsibility of the backup and restore task on the storage layer.

```

## Online

> ### Replicated Administration Console

Reviewer: [Elsewhere in the docs](https://www.terraform.io/docs/enterprise/install/installer.html#tls-key-amp-cert) we refer to this as the "Replicated Console"

```suggestion
### Replicated Console
```

1. From the installer dashboard (`https://<TFE HOSTNAME>:8800/dashboard`),
    click the "Check Now" button; the new version should be recognized.
1. Click "View Update".
1. Review the release notes and then click "Install Update".

### Replicated Command Line Interface

> 1. Login to a command line terminal of the Terraform Enterprise host machine.

Reviewer: This is more of a preference thing from me, so feel free to disregard if you disagree.

```suggestion
1. Connect to the Terraform Enterprise host machine using SSH.
```

1. Execute the command below to fetch the versions of Terraform Enterprise.
   
    ```

>     replicatedctl app-release ls --fetch

Reviewer: Adding dollar sign to note command.

```suggestion
    $ replicatedctl app-release ls --fetch
```

    ```

1. In order to upgrade to the latest version of Terraform Enterprise, execute command below:
   
    ```

>     replicatedctl app-release apply

Reviewer: Adding dollar sign to note command.

```suggestion
    $ replicatedctl app-release apply
```

    ```

    Alternatively, execute the command below to upgrade to a specific version of Terraform Enterprise:

    ```

>     replicatedctl app-release apply --sequence "504"

Reviewer: Adding dollar sign to note command.

```suggestion
    $ replicatedctl app-release apply --sequence "504"
```

    ```

## Airgapped

> ### Replicated Administration Console

Reviewer: See above comment

```suggestion
### Replicated Console
```

    "Check Now" button; the new version should be recognized.
1. Click "View Update".
1. Review the release notes and then click "Install Update".

> ### Replicated Command Line Interface

Reviewer 2: You should add a step here to tell the reader to upload the desired airgap package to the `AirgapPackagePath`.

1. Login to a command line terminal of the Terraform Enterprise host machine.
1. Execute the command below and take note on the location from the property `AirgapPackagePath` to upload the desired airgap packages into on the Terraform Enterprise host machine:
   
    ```
    replicatedctl params export | grep AirgapPackagePath
    ```

1. Execute the command below to fetch the versions of Terraform Enterprise from the uploaded airgap packages.
   
    ```
    replicatedctl app-release ls --fetch
    ```

> 1. Execute the command below to list the available versions of airgap packages for the upgrade:

Reviewer 2: Is this step needed? I believe the `ls --fetch` step above this will print the available packages after it updates them.

Author: @sudomateo It seems to print too many versions from what I have tested, including those in between the versions even without the actual airgap files existing in the directory, that's probably the reason.

You could test this and let me know if you see something different

Reviewer 2: That's fair! Works for me.

    "Check Now" button; the new version should be recognized.
1. Click "View Update".
1. Review the release notes and then click "Install Update".

### Replicated Command Line Interface

> 1. Login to a command line terminal of the Terraform Enterprise host machine.

Reviewer: As mentioned above, this feels like a personal preference, but I figured I'd suggest anyways.

```suggestion
1. Connect to the Terraform Enterprise host machine using SSH.
```

> 1. Execute the command below and take note on the location from the property `AirgapPackagePath`:

Author: That looks good to me, and does what we want

   
    ```

>     $ replicatedctl params export | grep AirgapPackagePath

Author: @laurapacilio, on my second thought, perhaps we could change the command to this one which essentially making it self-contain

```suggestion
    $ replicatedctl params export --template '{{.AirgapPackagePath}}'
```

>     replicatedctl params export | grep AirgapPackagePath

Reviewer: Adding dollar sign to note command.

```suggestion
    $ replicatedctl params export | grep AirgapPackagePath
```

Reviewer 2: Alternatively, this would also work.

```suggestion
    $ replicatedctl params export --template '{{.AirgapPackagePath}}'
```

    ```

> 1. Upload the desired airgap packages into the location of `AirgapPackagePath` from the previous step on the Terraform Enterprise host machine.

Reviewer: @sudomateo am I correct in recalling that the filename must be different than the previous airgap package?

Reviewer 2: I don't believe they _need_ to be different, but generally people keep the name that's given upon download which is `APPLICATION - SEQUENCE.airgap`. For example, `Terraform Enterprise - 520.airgap`.

> 1. Execute the command below to fetch the versions of Terraform Enterprise from the uploaded airgap packages.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. Fetch the versions of Terraform Enterprise from the uploaded airgap packages:
```

   
    ```
    $ replicatedctl app-release ls --fetch
    ```

> 1. Execute the command below to list the available versions of airgap packages for the upgrade:

Author: I am changing this line to keep the same format

```suggestion
5. List the available versions of airgap packages for the upgrade:
```

>     replicatedctl app-release ls --fetch

Reviewer: Adding dollar sign to note command.

```suggestion
    $ replicatedctl app-release ls --fetch
```

> 1. Execute the command below to list the available versions of airgap packages for the upgrade:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. List the available versions of airgap packages for the upgrade:
```

   
    ```

>     replicatedctl app-release ls

Reviewer: Adding dollar sign to note command.

```suggestion
    $ replicatedctl app-release ls
```

    ```

> 1. In order to upgrade to the latest version of the available airgap packages, execute command below:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
6. Upgrade to the latest version of the available airgap packages:
```

   
    ```

>     replicatedctl app-release apply

Reviewer: Adding dollar sign to note command.

```suggestion
    $ replicatedctl app-release apply
```

    ```

>     Alternatively, execute the command below to upgrade to a specific version of the available airgap packages, the sequence numbers are available in the output of the command `replicatedctl app-release ls` above:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Alternatively, upgrade to a specific version of the available airgap packages, using one of the versions listed in the output of the previous step.
```

    ```

>     replicatedctl app-release apply --sequence "504"

Reviewer: Adding dollar sign to note command.

```suggestion
    $ replicatedctl app-release apply --sequence "504"
```
